Add RN 0.60.3 failing build information (#5544)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/troubleshooting.mdx

```bash
shellScript = "set -e\nexport SENTRY_PROPERTIES=sentry.properties\nexport EXTRA_PACKAGER_ARGS=\"--sourcemap-output $DERIVED_FILE_DIR/main.jsbundle.map\"\nWITH_ENVIRONMENT=\"../node_modules/react-native/scripts/xcode/with-environment.sh\"\nREACT_NATIVE_XCODE=\"../node_modules/react-native/scripts/react-native-xcode.sh\"\nSENTRY_CLI_PATH=\"../node_modules/@sentry/cli/bin/sentry-cli\"\n/bin/sh -c \"$WITH_ENVIRONMENT \\\"$SENTRY_CLI_PATH react-native xcode $REACT_NATIVE_XCODE\\\"\"";
```

> ## React Native 0.60.3 failing build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## React Native 0.60.3 Failing Build
```

> React Native 0.60.3 tooling was enexpectively moving the sourcemaps files which caused the Sentry gradle plugin to fail. This was fixed in 0.60.4. For more detailed information follow the [issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/2442).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Native 0.60.3 tooling was unexpectedly moving source maps files, which caused the Sentry Gradle plugin to fail. This was fixed in version 0.60.4. For more detailed information, follow the [issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/2442).
```
